---
layout: docs
title: "Coupon Author iOS Installation"
author: "Slyce"
category: dev/ios
description: "Installation instructions for the Slyce Coupon Author iOS SDK"
---

# Coupon Author iOS Installation

<div id="prerequisites"></div>

##Prerequisites

* iOS 7+ app
* A Coupon Author App Id from Slyce
* Coupon Author SDK framework from Slyce

## Installation

1\. Get a copy of the Coupon Author SDK from Slyce. Unzip the distribution. It should contain one file: CouponAuthorSDK.framework

2\. Import this framework into your XCode project by dragging it into the Project Navigator on the left-hand side.

3\. Confirm that the CouponAuthor files have been imported properly:

* Navigate to your project build settings by selecting your project\'s Project File in the Project Navigator
* Select the main build target for your app
* Select the \'Build Phases\' task
* Confirm that \'CouponAuthorSDK.framework\' is in the \'Link Binary With Libraries\' Section

## Enabling the Coupon Author SDK in Your Project

To enable Coupon Author requires the addition of two lines to your AppDelegate file.

1\. If using Objective-C:

Add the following import statement to the top of the .m file for the App Delegate:

{% highlight objective-c %}
#import <CouponAuthorSDK/CouponAuthorSDK.h>
{% endhighlight %}

If using Swift:

Swift projects do not use header files of their own, but they recognize header files for Objective-C libraries. You will need to create a bridging header file to connect them.

To create the header file:

* Go to File > New > File > iOS > Source > Header File
* Name the file \'ProjectName-Bridging-Header.h\'
* Add the following line in the `#ifndef` block and below the `#define`

{% highlight swift %}
#import <CouponAuthorSDK/CouponAuthorSDK.h>
{% endhighlight %}

To let your project point to the header file:

* Navigate to the \'Build Settings\' tab of your project build settings.
* Navigate to \'Swift Compiler - Code Generation\'
* Ensure that \'Path/To/File/ProjectName-Bridging-Header.h\' is included as an entry for \'Objective-C Bridging Header\'

<div class="note note-important">
  <p>Important: The CouponAuthorSDK import line should be included in your App .pch file or at the top of each class where you reference the CouponAuthor SDK.</p>
</div>

2\. If using Objective-C:

Add the following line to the bottom of the **didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:** method of the AppDelegate.

{% highlight objective-c %}
[CouponAuthorSDK startWithAppId:@"YOUR_APP_ID"];
{% endhighlight %}

If using Swift:

Add the following line to the bottom of the **application** method.

{% highlight swift %}
CouponAuthorSDK.startWithAppId("YOUR_APP_ID")
{% endhighlight %}

<div class="note note-important">
  <p>Important: Make sure to fill in the parameter **startWithAppId** with your AppID, provided by us.</p>
</div>

You should now be able to build your app and successfully use the Coupon Author API.
